Addressing (most of) the missing ES config documentation (#2134)
opencast/opencast: docs/guides/admin/docs/configuration/elasticsearch.md

Elasticsearch Configuration
===========================

Elasticsearch powers the external API as well as the administrative user interface of Opencast.

Installing Elasticsearch
------------------------

> The [installation](../installation/index.md) documentation contains instructions for installing Elasticsearch along with your Opencast packaging of choice.

Reviewer: Will you ever end up needing this if you end up here? You should have installed Opencast if you look at this and should have installed Elasticsearch in the process. You should never start here and then think that you need to install Opencast and Elasticsearch.

Elasticsearch Configuration
===========================

Elasticsearch powers the external API as well as the administrative user interface of Opencast.

Installing Elasticsearch
------------------------

The [installation](../installation/index.md) documentation contains instructions for installing Elasticsearch along with your Opencast packaging of choice.

Configuring External Nodes
--------------------------

> Opencast's Elasticsearch configuration settings are in the core configuration file, which can usually be found at '/etc/opencast/custom.properties'

Reviewer: Never describe this location. That's done by docs.opencast.org automatically:
```suggestion
Opencast's Elasticsearch settings can be found in the 'etc/custom.properties' configuration file.
```

Author: I didn't know that!  Neat trick!

> * `org.opencastproject.elasticsearch.server.hostname`
>     * This should be the hostname where Elasticsearch is running.
> * `org.opencastproject.elasticsearch.server.scheme`
>     * This should match the connection scheme for Elasticsearch.  Leave this commented out unless you have configured https in Elasticsearch.
> * `org.opencastproject.elasticsearch.server.port`
>     * This is the port that Elasticsearch is listening on.  Leave this commented out unless you have changed the default in Elasticsearch.
> 

Reviewer: All these keys are already explained in the configuration file.
```suggestion
Relevant configurations keys are:
* `org.opencastproject.elasticsearch.server.hostname`
* `org.opencastproject.elasticsearch.server.scheme`
* `org.opencastproject.elasticsearch.server.port`
```

Elasticsearch Configuration
===========================

Elasticsearch powers the external API as well as the administrative user interface of Opencast.

> Running Elasticsearch

Reviewer 2: Am bamboozled why `Running Elasticsearch` comes before `Installing Elasticsearch`

Author: Technical debt :D

---------------------

> When running Elasticsearch, it is mandatory to deploy the same major version as the client library used by Opencast has,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When running Elasticsearch, it is mandatory to deploy the same major version as the client library used by Opencast,
```

> since the client commands will otherwise not match the server. To check the version, take a look at

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
otherwise the client commands will not match the server. To check the version, take a look at
```

> since the client commands will otherwise not match the server. To check the version, take a look at

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
since the client commands will otherwise not match the server. To check which version Opencast is using, take a look at
```

> [the maven dependency declaration for the elasticsearch bundle in the search module](https://github.com/opencast/opencast/blob/develop/modules/search/pom.xml).

Reviewer 2: Long phrase that's also still trying to be informative: my instinct after reading "take a look at" is to immediately click the link, and not read to the end of the sentence before clicking away x)
```suggestion
the maven dependency declaration for the elasticsearch bundle in the [search module](https://github.com/opencast/opencast/blob/develop/modules/search/pom.xml).
```

Author: The link is (almost immediately) wrong since the version in develop is likely *not* the version in 9.x.  Or at least it won't be in a few months.

> For example, to quickly spin up an external Elasticsearch matching the current version using Docker, run

Reviewer 2: Strange wording. While `spin up` most likely means you're working in Docker (I think?), it isn't mentioned til the end of the phrase... 
```suggestion
If you're using Docker, an external Elasticsearch matching the current version can be spun up by running
```
However, this is also not a perfect solution, and I welcome others' comments!

Author: The more I read this the more I think the whole section should be removed.  Installation documentation should take care of *installing* ES, whether that's via Docker or via packages.  Unless an adopter is *very* advanced they shouldn't be trying to figure out which version of ES they need...

Reviewer 2: If it's necessary to address the version, then definitely note it in the install doc. But otherwise, I agree with the sentiment that it can be removed from this page entirely.
